# What-Makes-Society-Safe-for-Investment-
Pakistan real estate sector seems to be ignored by government,After coming into power, every government made claims regarding the sector, improving the laws and providing basic facilities but that was not delivered to the ground, the private developer have stepped to make void making housing scheme all the rage.  It is typically quality of Pakistan's property market that any increase in the estimation of land in specific premises leaves a prompt effect on the rates in neighbouring societies and zones.Prior to the inauguration of new Islamabad airport real estate in the neighbouring societies saw some serious boom in prices.However, after the inauguration prices did not rise at the steepy.The obvious reason behind this flat trend was over-pricing due to anticipated increase earlier on.  The prices of Pakistan property have increased indefinitely in the past decade, while one of its big reasons is the black money that is inclusion in the sector so that the actual price of property kept hidden to avoid taxes.  Investment property in islamabad has been showing excellent results for the past ten years, offering an excellent investment and lifestyle opportunity.  Capital Smart City Islamabad. Green Oaks Islamabad. Motorway City Islamabad. Aquatic Mall Islamabad. Khanial Homes Islamabad. Blue World City Islamabad. DHA Islamabad. Al-Kabir Town. Well in the Ministry of Commerce is another low cost housing scheme located near Islamabad and having main access from Fateh Jang Road close to PECHS housing Scheme Islamabad.This scheme is located at the provisional sector of Islamabad of Pakistan.  This area is close to New Islamabad Airport, so this investment can pay off well once this airport get operational.Furthermore,it is connected to KPK and Punjab through M-1 and M-2 motorways.Thus, it cab be termed as an ideal place for investment and living.Islamabad was a small city with few sectors.Majority of the population belonged to civil service but now the table has been turned.Evert Pakitsani believe that he should have some sort of property in Islamabad specially the house.  This Scheme offers 5 marla, 10 marla and 1 kanal residential plots.Here you can get 5 marla plot for as low as 3 lac rupees, 10 marla plot as low as 3.50 lac rupees and 1 kanal plot as low as 4 lac rupees.This price includes cost of land, development charges are partially paid by which range from 4 to 8 rupees.
